Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to talk about the array map method.
All right, so the map method creates a new array populated with the results of calling a provided function
on every element in the calling array, right.
So, for example, we have an array here, and this is an array of artists and songs objects.
So there are four items in here.
What we are going to do is we want to grab all the artists out of these objects, which are actually
the array items.
Right.
So what are we to do is first off, we are going to call the best songs array and we are going to call
the map method on it.
Right.
And this map method is going to accept a callback function.
Which I am going to create the callback function as as an arrow function.
OK, I'm going to use arrow functions here, so I'm just going to say best song.
Right.
And what do I want this function to do so now I want to grab all the artists names out of this array.
So first stuff I have, I have to grab each of the objects so each of the objects is going to be best
song.
And from the these objects, I want to grab the artist.
So I'm going to say dot artist.
All right.
And now let's go ahead and let's save this inside a variable.
So this is artist's.
All right, and let's go ahead and let's call it consultors log artists.
I'd say that nuts come here and now we can see that we have six items inside this array because there
are six artists.
And the good thing about this is it creates in the order right now this method, it creates an area
populated with the search results that we pass inside our callback function.
Here is the MDN page.
You can go ahead and read more about it.
I'm just going to provide it here for you.
Just going just just pasted there.
Right.
And I think this is going to be it for the map method.
See you guys in the next one.